In this section we are going to talk about building in the stripe integration so if you're unfamiliar
with stripe stripe is a platform that allows us to handle online payments which doing from scratch is
actually an extremely lengthy ordeal an undertaking to do not just in terms of coding the elements on
the front end but also the logistics of handling payments international payments payments online taking
credit cards how to properly secure and store credit card information and then actually checking against
the banks and then doing a proper e-commerce flow.
It's all extremely extremely lengthy and difficult for us to do.
But what stripe as a platform does is it actually hides that all and handles it all for us and it gives
us a very easy interface to interact with and bring into our front and applications.
Now what we're using is this striped button that allows us to fire off this element where we can fill
in our information right and we can provide a test credit card which we have listed here which will
then handle an artificial payment
right.
And it's essentially all of the elements required in order to properly do payment flow on our front
end now in order to actually create charges however it requires a back end server which we're not going
to do in this lesson we can cover it in an advance lesson near the end of the course.
But for the purposes of our project we just want to demonstrate that we have this final flow considered
as well as show our ability in integrating with a service like stripe so that we understand the requirements
of what it's like now if we go to the stripe Web site we'll see that its introduction is that it's the
new standard for online payments.
It's the best software platform for running an Internet business and they handle billions of dollars
every year in terms of actually processing payments so stripe is a massive tech company and they are
massively successful now in order for us to actually use it we can take a look at some of the ways that
it allows us to integrate into our applications.
One of them being inside of their website on their developers tab nested in the documentation is this
thing called elements.
Now stripe actually provides us with a lot of the elements that we might need in order to properly use
their service.
So we've actually seen an element with their dropdown.
Right.
Because we don't code this ourselves.
We pretty much just get even this button.
And then this button will fire off this creation of this component which we just fill out.
And then it formats everything correctly based on the information provided for us to actually make a
charge on their service but just to walk through.
In case you're curious about all these kinds of things you can do with stripe.
They have multiple ways of handling payments.
They have ways where you can handle payments while building out the form yourself because they'll give
you the form elements that you'll need.
This includes name and email fields with this bank.
No field and then they have bank drop downs which will give you an ability to select which bank you
want depending on what region you're in.
And usually to use these there are just the elements and then you pass a certain configurations as properties
but beyond that they also have these payment style forms that we can leverage.
So this is actually a more comprehensive version of those form fields put together.
You can even pull in this pay now field which allows you to leverage your browser's built in payment
processing system so there's a lot of options that stripe provides for us to use however we want inside
of our service.
But the one that we want to use is going to be this dropdown.
And we're only going to build the front end of it.
So we're not actually going to handle the payment until a later lesson because it requires us to actually
write some back in code some note or express code and even then I'm going to minimize the amount of
code that we have to write just to handle the payment.
But that lesson is not entirely necessary for react.
That is more so.
Just if you're interested in seeing what it's like to fully flush out the flow of handling a test payment
inside of your stripe account I'm gonna show you how that looks at the very end of the course.
But right now for us and for our project that we want to show to potential employers we just want to
show our ability to integrate with the service far off this element and then show a flow in some kind.
That makes sense of a user checking out and paying with this stripe integration now before we actually
begin bringing it in.
We just have to make a stripe account which is free and all you have to do is go to the sign on the
website and then you sign up.
If you don't have one if you do just log in and once you log in I will see you in the next lesson where
we bring this into our application.